API reference refactor (#14372)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/api-reference.md

---
id: api-reference

> title: HTTP API reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API reference
```

> sidebar_label: API endpoints reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Overview
```
Since we need to keep the file name `api-reference.md`, suggest renaming the sidebar to "Overview" in line with other sections. That way API reference is not repeated in the sidebar. In any case, it's not just endpoints.
<img width="257" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-08 at 10 24 12 AM" src="https://github.com/apache/druid/assets/38529548/0735b9f9-e495-4dbb-aa19-b99982b970b3">

  -->

> This index documents all of the API endpoints for Druid grouped by functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic is an index to the Apache Druid API documentation.
```
Note this is not just endpoints--thanks to JDBC.

> ## Categories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## HTTP APIs
```

* [Automatic compaction](./automatic-compaction-api.md)
* [Data management](./data-management-api.md)
* [Dynamic configuration](./dynamic-configuration-api.md)
* [JSON querying](./json-querying-api.md)
* [Lookups](./lookups-api.md)
* [Retention rules](./retention-rules-api.md)
* [Service status](./service-status-api.md)
* [Druid SQL queries](./sql-api.md)

> * [SQL JDBC driver](./sql-jdbc.md)

Reviewer: Add another section ##Java APIs and put JDBC there.

  -->

This topic is an index to the Apache Druid API documentation.

> ## HTTP APIs

Reviewer: Let's add brief descriptions to the bullets. Sorry I wasn't clear a about that.

For example
```
* [Automatic compaction](./automatic-compaction-api.md) to optimize segment sizes after ingestion.
```

* [Automatic compaction](./automatic-compaction-api.md) to optimize segment sizes after ingestion.
* [Data management](./data-management-api.md) to manage data segments.
* [Dynamic configuration](./dynamic-configuration-api.md) to configure the behavior of the Coordinator and Overlord processes.
* [JSON querying](./json-querying-api.md) to submit JSON-based native queries.

> * [Lookups](./lookups-api.md) to manage and modify key-value transformations.

Reviewer: not sure about "transformations" here maybe "key-value datasources"?
